Hello and welcome back.
I just woke up and saw the good news and I'm super excited to share with you.
So over at night well overnight for me there was a massive movement in the British pound dollar in exactly
the direction that we predicted.
And as you can see here here at the bottom I'll trade closed at a take profit and we earned thirty nine
and sixty two dollars.
Real dollars on the floor X market with this one single trade.
So let's quickly have a look at how it exactly played out.
I was going to take this trade and drag it onto the chart.
As you can see it's now been placed on the chart for me.
So now if I change these two bars and I zoom in a bit we can see that's our trade over there.
So what exactly happened this red line indicates where we entered.
So we didn't know any of this so when we conducted our trade and the price did come up a closer to moving
our edge again it bounced off the moving average and went straight down.
And as you can remember the way we set out take profit was just above this strong support line at about
five fifty six one point fifty six 500 up.
Yes.
Strong support line.
And because the price had a potential to be uncertain around that level and jump back from it.
So we said I'll take profit at a conservative 1.5 to 6 650 so 5 pips above that line.
And as you can see that's exactly what happened.
The price was very uncertain around this line just as it was back here in the previous days.
This line was quite a strong support line.
So the price did exhibit some uncertainty around this area even though it did eventually bounce up and
then down.
So we could have earned potentially more profit if we said out take profit here in this particular case
.
We did exactly the right thing by setting to take profit just above that area because there was no guarantee
that the price wouldn't go straight back up.
And moreover imagine sitting in a trade.
And if you take profits over here somewhere and seeing all of this and seeing the price go back against
you there's a strong negative psychological experience when you see this going back up and that's psychology
something we'll talk about it at a different time.
But in any case never beat yourself up if you didn't take the whole movement.
In this case we got what we were aiming for and that is perfect.
So there you go.
That's a good real example of how to trade the moving average on the forex market.
And just before we finish up today I wanted to say that it's a good rule of thumb is to look at the
moving average as a moving support or resistance line.
So usually Esparza's lines are horizontal and they're static.
However the moving average can be regarded as a moving type of resistance or support line.
So in this case soon as the price went through the moving average it went down.
And then the price went back up tried to test the moving average which in this case became the resistance
line.
It couldn't go through and then tried to start again couldn't go through then went straight down.
We got a profit and that was the end of this trade.
So have a look at the moving average in that new fashion and if you find the kind of writer period of
the moving average for your chart then you can actually have quite successful trades through this method
actually very successful trades if you do the analysis properly.
Thanks for your attention and I look forward to seeing you next time.
Until then happy trading